[DEVCOMMS-469] API de integraciones Point (#1506)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/in-person-payments/integration-api/create-payment-intent.en.md

#  Start processing your payments

To start processing your payments, follow these steps:

## Get the list of your available devices

> Before creating a payment intent, you must obtain the Point devices associated with your account. You can do it in the following way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before creating a payment intent, you must obtain the list of Point devices associated with your account. You can do it in the following way:
```

  "description":"this is an example",
  "amount":1500,
  "payment":{
     "type":"credit_card",
     "installments":1
  },
  "additional_info":{
     "external_reference":"4561ads-das4das4-das4754-das456",
     "print_on_terminal":true
  }
}
```
------------

----[mla]----

``` json
{
   "state": "FINISHED",
   "id": "0aa0519d-d985-4e83-b62d-dda123456789",
   "device_id": "88731317_INGENICO_MOVE2500_ING-ARG-14123456",
   "amount": 600,
   "payment": {
       "id": "11123456789"
   },
   "additional_info": {
       "ticket_number": "123456789123456789"
   }
}
```
------------

> NOTE
>
> Note
>
> Check out all the information corresponding to the payment in the section [Payment API](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/reference/payments/_payments_id/get) of our API Reference.

> PREV_STEP_CARD_EN
>
> Start integrating the Integrations API
>
> To perform an integration, you must first obtain the identification credentials.
>
> [Integrate the Integrations API](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/guides/in-person-payments/integration-api/integration)

> NEXT_STEP_CARD_EN
>
> Configure notifications
>

> > We’ll explain how to start receiving notifications from Webhooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> We'll explain how to start receiving notifications from Webhooks.
```
